[♪ epic theme music playing]
[sheep bleating]
[bleating]
[dragon grunting]
[bellowing]
[chittering]
[dragon grunting]
[gasps]
[speaks High Valyrian]
[dragon snarling]
[growling]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[dragon vocalizing]
[shouting]
[grunting]
[screaming]
[banging]
[metal clanging]
[grunting]
Kneel.
[sword unsheathing]
[grunting]
I can make it clean. or...
Might I at least know
the accusation. my prince?
Where is he?
- Who?
- My brother. the king.
In his quarters!
You are a traitor
to the crown.
- I sentence you to die.
- No!
- [Ironrod] My prince.
- [gasps]
It appears Lord Larys
has fled the Keep as well.
Mm.
[bird squawking]
[groaning]
I need milk of the poppy.
I'm afraid in our hasty flight
that I neglected to bring any.
Ah. the pain!
Please. Please.
Take heart. my king.
These are dark hours. but...
brighter days lie ahead.
No. No.
I'm the king of nothing.
With raven shit for a throne
and a cripple for a protector.
- Oh. I'm fucking pathetic.
- [people shouting]
- [horses whinnying]
- [groaning]
- [shouting continues]
- [thumping]
Oh. fuck!
[groaning]
[shushing]
Draw your hood.
- [birds squawking]
- [shouting continues]
[groaning]
- [shushing]
- [door thumping]
[Man shouting]
Wait. no. wait!
[wincing]
Who are you?
Simple men in service
of the Citadel.
[groaning softly]
We're taking these ravens
to White Harbor.
You're in the queen's lands.
If you mean to pass. you first
have to denounce the usurper.
bend the knee.
You swear fealty
to Her Grace.
the one true queen.
Rhaenyra Targaryen.
[chuckles]
We denounce the usurper
and swear to Her Grace.
Rhaenyra Targaryen.
Come on. friend.
Affirm your fealty
so we might be on our way.
[huffing]
- [groaning lightly]
- The captain said kneel.
Fuck you.
[spitting]
- [grunting]
- [coughing]
[soldier chuckles]
Forgive my friend.
he can be so stubborn.
- [continues coughing]
- They're for Aegon.
- Put them to the sword.
- [sword unsheathing]
- Ahh. Wait. please. Please.
- It's a very lucky day
for you. my lord.
The reason this man won't swear
fealty to Rhaenyra...
is because he is
Aegon Targaryen.
What?
No. no. that's--
What are you playing at. friend?
Always jesting.
- That true?
- No.
No. of course not.
These-- these are lies.
He was lustrated in dragonfire
by Rhaenys Targaryen...
- No.
- ...and her dragon
at the Battle of Rook's Rest.
My companion is always
the gifted mummer.
- I am His Grace's
loyal councillor...
- Always making grand claims
- for his entertainment.
- ...and the Lord of Harrenhal--
Outrageous fucking lies!
Someone's lying.
- His crown.
- No.
[coughing]
Pretty hair.
Take their heads.
- They'll make a rich bounty
for the queen.
- Forgive me. my lord...
- No. no. no. please.
- ...but you would lose your
own head for such a misstep.
This is the challenger himself.
You can name your price
for delivering him...
and his most trusted confidant
to the queen
as living hostages.
Who are they. then?
No one of consequence.
- [grunting]
- What's the nearest port?
- Duskendale.
- [sword slicing]
Bar them within.
We'll take them there.
And hire a ship
to Dragonstone.
I have to believe...
that Alicent's offer
was genuine.
[Jace]
It is a ruse cloaked
in stale friendship.
The risk she took in coming here
is beyond question.
And the risk
she now asks you to take?
To fly to the Greens' stronghold
based on her word alone.
It is a trap. Mother...
to lure you and Daemon
into Vhagar's jaws.
No! Vhagar and Aemond
are gone.
They have flown to Harrenhal.
And Aegon is bedridden.
I could take both Aegon
and the throne
in a single stroke.
No.
You cannot trust her.
[footsteps approaching]
Mother.
Alicent came to Dragonstone.
- Alicent?
- Under a banner of peace.
- Surely. this is not possible.
- The Greens know already
that their defeat is written.
Aemond flies on Vhagar
to join Cole
in the Riverlands.
With him gone.
Alicent will open the gates
of the Red Keep
and surrender Aegon to me.
I will then take his head
and the throne.
What are her terms.
Your Grace?
That she. Helaena.
and Jaehaera are spared.
and that this war ends
without further bloodshed.
That is a low price.
Do you believe
she can be trusted?
Uh. get word to Lord Corlys
in the Gullet.
I require ships to deliver
fighting men enough
- to secure the city.
- Your Grace. I protest
- this action with all my po--
- And Daemon must
return with haste.
I'll write to him.
We'll fly to King's Landing
in two days' time...
and take the city.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Good morrow. ser.
My queen.
The king requires
an audience.
Rather to the throne room.
Your Grace.
Aemond.
Why are you here?
[heavy doors closing]
Aegon has abdicated
the throne.
Abdicated?
W-What do you mean?
Fled King's Landing
with that toad Larys.
No. Aegon was... bedridden.
Where could he have gone?
Why?
Because he's even more stupid
than he is craven.
We must send a search party.
He needs to be found
immediately.
Where were you. Mother?
You've not been seen
in the Keep in days.
I was in the Kingswood.
Aemond.
I have found myself
of little use here of late.
And what of Harrenhal?
You and Vhagar were meant
to fly to meet Ser Criston
and challenge Daemon
together.
Aegon has left me no choice
but to remain here
and defend the city.
But aid is coming.
Lord Ormund
and 15.000 Hightower men
presently march up the Mander
with Daeron and his dragon.
And the Triarchy fleet
will. at any moment.
ambush the blockade with a force
thrice the Sea Snake's strength.
We only need to bide our time.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[metal scraping]
[crew member shouting]
♪
- [sword slicing]
- [soldier gagging]
[screaming]
The Lannister host
has scattered. my prince.
The vanguard was smashed
and the rearguard
broken and fled.
And what of
the golden Lord Lannister?
Fled when the cavalry
broke rank.
Our scouts believe they may be
regrouping near the God's Eye.
Then we'll continue
the fight there.
We must pursue them
till the last.
- Have graves dug for our dead.
- Aye. my lord.
Caraxes would make short work
of these bodies.
And burnt flesh
carries no plague.
[Oscar Tully]
That is not our way.
Rivermen must be returned
to the mud.
My lord!
To arms!
Form on me!
[Caraxes growling]
[chittering]
[♪ tense music playing]
[Caraxes screeching]
♪
We have come to die
for the dragon queen.
Very good.
We've got more lions to hunt.
[shouting]
[army shouting]
♪
[people chattering faintly]
[woman sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
Good morrow. Lord Hand.
Has there been word
from Prince Aemond?
None. As yet.
He and Vhagar were
supposed to have joined us
back at the Antlers.
We march ever exposed.
- If he does not come--
- He has to come.
There is another matter.
One of our men
has ravaged a village girl.
I witnessed the events myself.
Something must be done.
Hang him then. if you wish.
I am not his Lord Commander.
A punishment is due. yes.
but also a statement
to the men.
That we are not beasts.
but knights.
and soldiers of honor.
Look around you.
Ser Gwayne.
Look to the sky.
To the horizon.
Doom and ruin surround us.
We will all become beasts
before our end.
Only if we abandon
our principles.
[dragon chittering]
[Ulf]
Never knew my mother.
Same as most of the gutter-rats.
Was kicked about
more than a mongrel dog.
Wished for death more days
than I wished to live.
There was this priest
from Essos.
He fancied me.
Paid me coin.
To do things.
He said I had king's blood.
That I was born
for a purpose.
I liked that story.
So I owned it.
Ulf the Dragonseed.
And that red cunt was right.
And you?
Where'd you get
your dragon's blood?
[dragons snarling.
screeching softly]
Did you hear something?
Don't like this place.
All this hanging about.
00:20:51.792